Update sparse vector doc (#1386)
infiniflow/infinity: docs/references/pysdk_api_reference.md

  A IndexInfo struct contains three fields,`column_name`, `index_type`, and `index_param_list`.
    - **column_name : str** Name of the column to build index on.
    - **index_type : IndexType**

>       enum type which could be `IVFFlat` , `Hnsw`, `HnswLVQ`, `FullText` or `BMP`, defined in *infinity.index*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      enum type: `IVFFlat` , `Hnsw`, `HnswLVQ`, `FullText`, or `BMP`. Defined in `infinity.index`.
```

             - `ip`: Inner product
             - `l2`: Euclidean distance
        - `FullText`: `'ANALYZER'`(default:`'standard'`)
        - `BMP`: 
          - `block_size=1~256`(default: 16): The size of the block in BMP index

>           - `compress_type=[compress|raww]`(default: 'compress'): If set "compress", the block max will be stored as sparse format. So suitable for small "block size".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - `compress_type=[compress|raww]` (default: `compress`): If set to `compress`, the block max is stored in the sparse format, which is suitable for small "block size".
```

table_obj.knn('vec', [3.0] * 5, 'float', 'ip', 2)
```

## match sparse

**RemoteTable.match_sparse(*vector_column_name, sparse_data, distance_type, topn, opt_params = None*)**

### Parameters

- **vector_column_name : str**
- **sparse_data : {"indices": list[int], "values": Union(list[int], list[float])}**
- **distance_type : str**
  -  `'ip'`
- **topn : int**
- **opt_params : dict[str, str]**
    common options:

>       - 'alpha=0.0~1.0'(default: 1.0): paramter for "Termination Conditions", the smaller the value, the more aggressive the pruning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - 'alpha=0.0~1.0'(default: 1.0): "Termination Conditions" parameter. The smaller the value, the more aggressive the pruning.
```

>       - 'beta=0.0~1.0'(default: 1.0): parameter for "Query Term Pruning", the smaller the value, the more aggressive the pruning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - 'beta=0.0~1.0'(default: 1.0): "Query Term Pruning" parameter. The smaller the value, the more aggressive the pruning.
```

[Reciprocal rank fusion (RRF)](https://plg.uwaterloo.ca/~gvcormac/cormacksigir09-rrf.pdf) is a method that combines multiple result sets with different relevance indicators into one result set. RRF does not requires tuning, and the different relevance indicators do not have to be related to each other to achieve high-quality results.

## optimize

**RemoteTable.optimize(*index_name, opt_params*)**

### Parameters

- **index_name : str**
- **opt_params : dict[str, str]**
    Common options:

>   - 'topk=10': Optimize the BMP index for top 10. Only used when the index is BMP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'topk=10': Optimize the BMP index for top 10. Used only when the index is BMP.
```
